(***)
What were we talking about? So, yeah.
so
Yeah, that's where we were, about 10 minutes out.
big house of the Japanese Christian fellowship that they have.
they have They own the house and their they have like
right now
(***) Yeah, I think they live there.
and they have like five bedrooms and huge
I mean they're in a very good neighborhood so it's like houses but they don't have
Like backyard that's big as America.
But the houses are big.
Yeah, it's not like a spacious with.
yard front yard and but yeah the front yard maybe a little bit but
Yeah.
But you're right, where we were, it was very calm down. yeah yeah
(***)
but
Where do you want to?
if it's not, if you enjoy  which country?
you
France, I think it would be...
Very tasty. That's what I'm looking for.
Yeah.  however
Pickpocketing, I think. Italy too.
Did we share with you that he had picked his...
Wallet.
No, well, see the first, you know, we were told that there will be luck.
Lots of pickpockets, pickpocketers. How do you say that?
Yeah.  Pink pockets? Pink pockets?
(***) theif
And so we went and we arrived that day to Milan. and
Mao was having his wallet on his
back pocket
And I said, no, mom, you can't have it there.
It's okay, it's okay. So we were supposed to take a train to meet somebody.
to going to the central station or something like that so we got on the train
And it was pretty crowded. I said, you know, Maui, you should have your
wallet in the bag and you need to hold on to it.
And what did you do?
No, that's why. That's why.
So and we got on and Chi-chan was also with us.
and we got on the train and then right
So Chi-Chan got on, I got on, and Ma was coming and he said,
haaa
Somebody picked my pocket, so he...
a got off the train.
And so we all got off the train and then the door shut and the train went.
And then they're like, So there are three people, three ladies.
(***) Pregnant?
So we're like, oh, ooooooooo what are you doing?
yeah So she's like the leader, ringleader.  and those are the (***)
And then so he checked. He had not only credit cards and driver's license, but he
he had the keys green card in it.
Yeah, so we got back and I was just so, so relieved that it was back.
So I was like, oh, thank you for returning this. I gave them money.
And then after a while, I was like, what did I just do? ha ha ha they pick (***)
huh ha ha ha
You know, they picked up, they picked his wallet and then I gave them money.
But it was still better then.
losing it yeah so after that he did listen to me
He did not put his wallet
oh Aight.
ha ha ha
yeah when I was in Spain and yeah this is
huh huh huh
No, Italy and France and...
Yes, Spain
Not England. They're refugees.
no huh Gypsy.
Yeah, those (***) they're really, really clever.
Picking pockets
Pockets pick pockets
pocket, well anyways
ha ha ha so
huh I teach and are at the conference.
and I think it was after the conference we were traveling around.
And we were at the tapas. It's kind of like a...
kind like a snack (***) stand.
so there's seafood all over so I can't wait.
eat there And I was looking around, looking around, but I had my
bag.
from the shoulder and on the back. and